# Minutes of Meeting

* **Tasks** (T)
* **Decisions** (D)
* **Information** (I)
 
### Date : 06-02-2021
### Time : 6:30pm(IST)
### Topic: Fourth Client Meet
### Attendees: Ananya Amancherla(2019101041),  Ayush Goyal(2019111026),  Gunjan Gupta(2019111035),  Samruddhi Shastri(2019111039)

Type | Description | Owner | Deadline
---- | ---- | ---- | ----
I | New members added for tech help. | - | -
I | Everything changed by the client from requirements to technology. | - | -
I | Concept of **house number** is introduced. Each memeber is added house wise not member wise. Bills and all will be generated for each house not member along with the ward no. concept. | - | -
I | Location must be matched with the present situation. | - | -
I | Qr code scanner for registration with aadhar card is must. | - | -
I | Online payment page for every user. User should be able to view due bills and taxes. | - | -
I | Announcements need to be sorted on the basis of age, profession, house no. and send notification to user. | - | -
I | Dependents form should be different as it is not the user but a dependent on user. So, it also need to know every data related to dependents. | - | -
I | Analysis (for admin)-<br> 1. Complaint wise status count. <br> 2. villager details. <br> 3. Revenue generated. <br> 4. House details. | - | -
D | Flutter, dart for frontend and postgresql for backend along with django. | Team members and client | -
T | Prototype to be updated. | All the team members  | Before next client meet
T | SRS needs to be changed and finalised. | All the team members  | -
T | Database design. | All the team members  | Before next client meet